core.scripts.migrate_checkpoint
===============================

.. py:module:: core.scripts.migrate_checkpoint

.. autoapi-nested-parse::

   Copyright (c) Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates.

   This source code is licensed under the MIT license found in the
   LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.



Attributes
----------

.. autoapisummary::

   core.scripts.migrate_checkpoint.parser


Classes
-------

.. autoapisummary::

   core.scripts.migrate_checkpoint.RenameUnpickler


Functions
---------

.. autoapisummary::

   core.scripts.migrate_checkpoint.find_new_module_name
   core.scripts.migrate_checkpoint.update_config
   core.scripts.migrate_checkpoint.migrate_checkpoint


Module Contents
---------------

.. py:function:: find_new_module_name(module)

.. py:function:: update_config(config_or_data)

.. py:class:: RenameUnpickler(file, *args, **kwargs)

   Bases: :py:obj:`pickle.Unpickler`


   This takes a binary file for reading a pickle data stream.

   The protocol version of the pickle is detected automatically, so no
   protocol argument is needed.  Bytes past the pickled object's
   representation are ignored.

   The argument *file* must have two methods, a read() method that takes
   an integer argument, and a readline() method that requires no
   arguments.  Both methods should return bytes.  Thus *file* can be a
   binary file object opened for reading, an io.BytesIO object, or any
   other custom object that meets this interface.

   Optional keyword arguments are *fix_imports*, *encoding* and *errors*,
   which are used to control compatibility support for pickle stream
   generated by Python 2.  If *fix_imports* is True, pickle will try to
   map the old Python 2 names to the new names used in Python 3.  The
   *encoding* and *errors* tell pickle how to decode 8-bit string
   instances pickled by Python 2; these default to 'ASCII' and 'strict',
   respectively.  The *encoding* can be 'bytes' to read these 8-bit
   string instances as bytes objects.


   .. py:method:: find_class(module, name)

      Return an object from a specified module.

      If necessary, the module will be imported. Subclasses may override
      this method (e.g. to restrict unpickling of arbitrary classes and
      functions).

      This method is called whenever a class or a function object is
      needed.  Both arguments passed are str objects.



.. py:function:: migrate_checkpoint(checkpoint_path: torch.nn.Module, rm_static_keys: bool = True, task_add_stress: str | None = None) -> dict

   Migrates a checkpoint by updating module imports and configurations.

   This function loads a checkpoint, updates its configuration using the mapping
   defined in fairchem.core.scripts.migrate_imports,

   optionally adds stress tasks for datasets that don't have them,
   and optionally removes static keys that are no longer needed.

   :param checkpoint_path: Path to the input checkpoint file
   :param rm_static_keys: Whether to remove static keys from the state dictionaries
   :param task_add_stress: If provided, adds stress tasks for datasets based on this task

   :returns: Migrated checkpoint dict


.. py:data:: parser

